Heat is treated as a groundwater tracer.
A lower thermal boundary can alter transient TD profiles.
Soil type may be an important factor in thermal prediction.
Transient heat conduction-advection governing equation for the
Table 1 grouping into two steady-state finite-domain solutions and
Temperature-depth profiles for each specified solution soil case
Depth-dependent deviation from CTS that becomes larger over the
Profile disparity between different soil types that increases with
Top-boundary parameters for each selected transient field solution
Lower-boundary parameters for the finite-domain field solution
Estimated vertical groundwater flux for each TAS KMS KIS and CTS field
One root-mean-square error RMSE value for each fitted field solution
CTS identified as the best reported agreement with RMSE 0.0131 degrees
For the selected analytical solutions and cases the soil-type profile